# legacy_th

At the early stage of my project I did not know enough about how to use test based programming, version control, and program structure diagrams. In the final parts of writing my thesis the focus had to be on making logic that could perform the necessary functions rather than make neat code. The code is therefore very difficult to understand and/or maintain or use.

The structure diagram in the thesis is correct in an abstract way. But names of modules and files, as well as functionality of modules and files, are changed in a poor way. For instance, parts of the telemetry module lies in learning/datagen. And the dataset file is in learning/dataset rather than where it should be.

It is my plan to release a heavily refactored version in the near future, as this is effectively unmaintainable legacy code.

What this is:
 - run_generate generates data using MTPIK
 - run_dataset constructs datasets on the rawdata generated by MTPIK
 - run_train trains the models
 - run_infer gathers data on the trained models, and makes the calls to generate the plots, as well as the DataFrames necessary for telemetry_summary.ipynb
 - run_extrasets generates extra and correctly separate validation and test sets, which run_dataset does not
 - run_plot makes additional plot of the training process, and requires run_extrasets to be run to do so
 - run_telemetry_summary filters the performance of each model into a human readable format as seen in the summary of table 6.1
 - session contains all the function calls made in the project